
1.  My approach of solving this issue would be...First I will complete task1 and ask to extend the deadline for task2. Simultaneously I will make sure to give enough priority to my family because of the 
 emergency, and after that issue will be resolved then I will focus on task2 and complete that within the extended deadline. I will also inform the regarded people (respective managers/customer) about the emergency and will keep them updated in future as well.

Why have I chosen this approach and the facts considered before making decision:
- Though task1 is of low priority still will take less time to complete as compared to task2.
- On the other hand, task2 is complex and will take more time which is not possible due to family emergency and its unavoidable.
- I have given a chance to extend deadline of only one of the two assignments, so completing one of themis necessary.
- Because of the emergency I may not be able to focus enough on a complex task and deliviring low quality work is bad then delay.


2.  To Manoj(manager),
     Subject- Brief account on Online Survey Assignment
     Dear Sir,
     As mentioned in the task1, the assignment consist of pages as follows:
     First page contains a form which takes input from the user- email and contact number followed by a button says "TALK TO US". On filling the details and click the button will redirect to the next 
     page containing the thanksgiving message along with the user details.

    Tech stack used: HTML , CSS , JavaScript.
    Features:  The form is responsive and will alter accordingly with the screen sizes.
                      The form contains validation as mentioned in the task that the user can not type invalid email (having < minimum length).
                      The user can not submit the empty fields as it will show error message.
                      The mobile no. input box will take only digits and the length will be exact 10 else show error (Invalid contact number).
                      The pages are user friendly and attractive to engage the user's attention.
                      
    Regards,
    Aman Kumar Patel


    To Ravi(Manager),
    Subject-Brief account on Online Nunjuncks Assignment
     Dear Sir,
     As mentioned in the task2, the assignment is as follows:
     First install the Nunjuncks dependency and import using require.
     In view folder create index.njk and implement the conditions as mentioned.
     The data is stored in db.json.
     You can see the result in index.html. 

    Tech stack used: HTML , CSS , Nunjuncks.

    Regards,
    Aman Kumar Patel



3.  To Customer,
     Subject- Informing customer regarding project delay
     Dear Sir/Ma'am,
     I’m sorry to inform you that I will not able to deliver the given task on time initially finalised and have adjusted the timeline according to the new scenario.
     Due to a family emergency, the task2 has been delayed by three days. Our new estimated deadline is jan15,2023. 
     I am confident that after the issue has been solved I will be able to complete the project quickly and efficiently.
     
     I appreciate your flexibility and understanding as we tackle this unforeseen issue.

     Thank you. Please contact me if you have any questions about the delay, the new schedule or anything else.
                      
    Regards,
    Aman Kumar Patel







